feat(qp): enable running both query planners by default (#5709)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_lrlna_enable_both_query_planners_by_default.md

### Enable running both query planners by default ([PR #5709](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5709))

> <!-- [ROUTER-458] -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This change is enabling running the Native query planner in a background thread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change enables running the Native query planner in a background thread
```
